## Comparative study on UMAP and t-SNE

Here you can find my computer science master project, a comparative study between UMAP and t-SNE accompanied by a personal and simplified implementation of these techniques.
You can find the following elements:
  - Code: Contain the entire code behind the project. The architecture is described just below.
  - Oral Presentation.pdf/ppt: The slides used during the oral examination.
  - paper.pdf: My paper, the comparative study between UMAP and t-SNE.
  
Here is a detailed description of the implementation:

Under the Code folder, you will find three folders:
  - Analyse_plot: This contains the plots and the code used for my experiments (c.f paper).
  - DataHandler: Folder containing dataset_generations.py, a simple code used to generate the datasets used in this work.
  - Implementations: Folder containing tsne.py and umap.py, my implementations of the corresponding reduction technique.
  
Under the Analyse_plot folder, you will find the following folders/files:
  - Plots: Contain the plots generated by all the experiments.
  - evaluation.py: Implementation of experiments 0 and 3.
  - evaluation_measure.py: Implementation of the metrics used to evaluate the stability of the methods.
  - func_tools.py: File that contains useful functions to make the plots.
  - main_tsne.py: Implementation of experiments 1 and 2 for t-SNE.
  - main_umap.py: Implementation of experiments 1 and 2 for UMAP.
  
Under the Plots folder, you will find the following folders:
  - global: Folder that contains plots of spearman's rho and stress values.
  - tsne: Folder that contains plots of t-SNE (Experiments 1,2, and 3).
  - umap: Folder that contains plots of t-SNE (Experiments 1,2, and 3).
